Postman (#311)
meilisearch/documentation: resources/postman_collection.md

# Postman Collection for MeiliSearch

> Are you tired to use the `curl` or `jq` command in your terminal to test MeiliSearch?

Author: 😂

> Are you tired to use the `curl` or `jq` command in your terminal to test MeiliSearch?

Reviewer: Since you do not use `jq` to make requests to meiliSearch, I don't think it should be added here. It is only used to pretty show the results and other libraries other than `jq` are out there to do the same job. It is not essential information. Only mentioning curl works for everyone.

Also I added a little flavor text to introduce. 
```suggestion
Are you tired to use the `curl` command in your terminal to test MeiliSearch? It can be tedious to re-write every route when wanting to try out an API. 
```

> We provide a [Postman collection](/postman/meilisearch-collection.json) containing all the routes of the MeiliSearch API! 🚀

Reviewer: I added an explanatory text to introduce postman for users who don't know it.
```suggestion
Postman is a platform that lets you create HTTP requests that you can reuse easily and share with everyone. We provide a [Postman collection](/postman/meilisearch-collection.json) containing all the routes of the MeiliSearch API! 🚀
```
